hey guys so today I thought I'd show you
how to make some raw sauerkraut it's
super easy to do and you only really
need one ingredient which is cabbage
sauerkraut really good for your
digestion I know a lot of people don't
eat it because of the acidity but I
don't have a problem eating this and my
boyfriend loves it on sandwiches I love
putting it on my salads I think so you
can use this green cabbage or red
cabbage in the past we've used the red
but I want to try this at this time so
I'll show you a couple of things that
you do actually need other in this mason
jar or some sort of glass jar like this
the reason a mason jar works really well
it was because you can use these lids
and the reason that you want to use
those lives is because you're gonna need
either some cheesecloth or some sort of
breathable fabric over top I'll show you
how to do that
near the end there and that's just what
is actually gonna help the cabbage
ferment itself here a little bit of sea
salt
not very much I think the salt just kind
of helps soften the cabbage a little bit
so for those watching your sodium intake
that's what it's for if you think that
you can massage your kale up with
by all means do it you're gonna need a
big bowl to massage your cabbage in
before it goes into your container and
the only only things you're gonna need
is a knife to cut it up and some water
so let's get started
so this is half of the cabbage bowl is
fairly large and most people see their
house right here right now I'm just
gonna add the salt and start massaging
it in to try to break this down this
does get smaller kind of like when you
cook kale or spinach or any greens it
just starts to break down
mmm so I might need to do the other half
but I might not so I'm just gonna start
with this massage it and then I'll put
it in to the mason jar and if I need
more then I'll do the other half fact
measurements very often when I'm cooking
so you should start off with about a
tablespoon no fault
this is sea salt um I'd never used me
Ayodhya salt I mean of that crap so I'm
gonna sprinkle this in and I'm gonna
start massaging a little bit the last
few times we made this we're using a
recipe that called for some beet juice
and I think that that just helps speed
up the fermenting process a little bit
doing that today it's just an extra step
I didn't cut my cabbage up very much for
any pieces because the knife that I have
it's extremely extremely dull but when
they're a bit smaller it obviously helps
quite a bit you'll know it's starting to
break down when it's still a little more
liquidy and this is about as labour you
can see this it's starting to listen a
little bit
you smell like these cabbage same idea
is if you're doing like a raw kale salad
you have to use a little lemon juice or
simply a pulp massage and break it down
I've never used lemon in this recipe and
I don't know how it would affect the
flavor of the sauerkraut but I feel like
that would also help break down the
cabbage if you don't want to use salt so
that could be maybe an experiment it's
glistening now and it's starting to go a
little translucent so you can keep
massaging this for a bit if you wanted
to but I'm just going to get it in the
mason jar
better lighting if you have amazing jar
that has a wider mouth I'm going or
you also might want something like this
to push the sauerkraut up and down
because as you see it's filling up quite
quickly but there's a lot of space in
there so as you can see I managed to
fill up a jar
so half of a large cabbage is more than
enough I think probably could have
sucked a little more into this one but
it won't push it now the next step is
you're going to pour water and you want
to make sure that the water is above the
cabbage line if you don't put enough
water in this and this starts to ferment
it will create mold on top and you're
gonna have to throw out the entire thing
so more water is better the last time my
boyfriend tried to do this he didn't put
enough and in his started to get kind of
gross now as this ferments it will
release its own water so over the next
few days you're gonna want to just keep
an eye on the water levels of your
sauerkraut and if you notice then it
starts to get too low you're just gonna
add a little more water
and if there's any sauerkraut on the
side so this is just a little piece of
cheesecloth but we don't have this you
can probably use like any hose or
something else it just needs to be able
to breathe
it's tight and you're gonna want to keep
these on your counter for the next three
days every day is kind of you a little
check once they start to smell a little
bit like vinegar you can put them in the
fridge
one thing that I forgot to mention it
was that when you're putting the lids
with the cheesecloth in here you need to
also have something to push the cabbage
down into the liquid otherwise it will
rise up and that can also cause mold
when it's starting to ferment so here I
have a shot glass and I'm just using the
strain from the cheesecloth to push it
down and in here I'm using a spice well
a little to push it down you can see
it's coming on the top if you can find
something that is gonna fit the entire
mouth of the glass that's even better I
don't have anything but these will do we
kind of see let's push the cabbage down
enough when the liquid is up here so I
hope you guys enjoyed this video on how
to make raw sauerkraut it's super easy
and let me know how yours turns out or
if you do anything differently like this
video if you thought it was helpful and
subscribe if you'd like to see some more
videos like this awesome
take care